---
layout: page
title: Achievement
permalink: /achievement.html
---

- [International Journal Articles](#international-journal-articles)
- [Domestic Journal Articles](#domestic-journal-articles)
- [Papers in Refereed Conferences and Workshops](#papers-in-refereed-conferences-and-workshops)
- [Invited Talks](#invited-talks)
- [Poster Papers](#poster-papers)
- [Software](#software)

# International Journal Articles
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Naho Kashiwagi, Ayanori Yorozu, Hideo Suzuki, Takahira Yamaguchi, “Evaluation of a Multi-Robot Cafe based on Service Quality Dimensions”, The Review of Socionetwork Strategies, Springer, Vol. 14, Issue 1, pp. 55-76, DOI: [10.1007/s12626-019-00049-x](https://doi.org/10.1007/s12626-019-00049-x) (2020)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Shunsuke Akashiba, Chihiro Nishimoto, Naoya Takahashi, Reiji Kukihara, Misae Kuwayama, Takahira Yamaguchi, "A Practical Teacher-Robot Collaboration Lesson Application Based on PRINTEPS", The Review of Socionetwork Strategies, Springer, Vol. 12, Issue 1, pp. 97–126, DOI: [10.1007/s12626-018-0021-x](https://doi.org/10.1007/s12626-018-0021-x) (2018)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Kodai Nakamura, Hiroki Komatsushiro, Takahira Yamaguchi, "PRINTEPS: An Integrated Intelligent Application Development Platform based on Stream Reasoning and ROS", The Review of Socionetwork Strategies, Springer, Vol. 12, Issue 1, pp. 71–96, DOI: [10.1007/s12626-018-0020-y](https://doi.org/10.1007/s12626-018-0020-y)(2018) 
1. Ryutaro Nambu, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Integrating Smart Glasses with Question-Answering Module in Assistant Work Environment", The Review of Socionetwork Strategies, Springer, Vol. 11, Issue 1, pp. 1-16, DOI: [10.1007/s12626-017-0003-4](https://doi.org/10.1007/s12626-017-0003-4)(2017) 
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Chie Iijima, Wataru Okawara, Yoshitaro Enomoto, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Implementing Mobility Service with Japanese Linked Data", International Journal of Computational Intelligence Studies, Vol. 5, No. 3/4, pp. 267-288, DOI: [10.1504/IJCISTUDIES.2016.083573](https://doi.org/10.1504/IJCISTUDIES.2016.083573)(2016) 
1. Yu Sugawara, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Hidenao Abe, Shuichi Matsumoto and Takahira Yamaguchi，"Identifying Behavior Objective from Traffic Behavior Log Data by Using Facility Ontology", Special Issue on Data Mining and Service Science for Innovation, International Journal of Knowledge Engineering and Soft Data Paradigms, Vol. 5, No. 2, pp. 68-84, DOI: [10.1504/IJKESDP.2016.075975](http://dx.doi.org/10.1504/IJKESDP.2016.075975)(2016) 
1.	<u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yuka Sekimoto, Susumu Tamagawa and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up a class hierarchy with properties by refining and integrating Japanese Wikipedia Ontology and Japanese WordNet", Web Intelligence and Agent Systems: An International Journal, Vol. 12, No. 2, pp. 211-233, IOS Press, DOI: [10.3233/WIA-140293](http://dx.doi.org/10.3233/WIA-140293)(2014) 
1.	<u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Naoki Fukuta, Takahira Yamaguchi, "DODDLE-OWL: Interactive Domain Ontology Development with Open Source Software in Java", IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems, Special Issue on Knowledge-Based Software Engineering, Vol. E91-D, No. 4, pp. 945-958, DOI: [10.1093/ietisy/e91-d.4.945](http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/ietisy/e91-d.4.945)(2008) 
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Naoki Fukuta, Takahira Yamaguchi, "A Graphical RDF-based Meta-Model Management Tool", IEICE Transactions on Information and Systems, Special Issue on Knowledge-Based Software Engineering, Vol. E89-D, No. 4, pp. 1368-1377, DOI: [10.1093/ietisy/e89-d.4.1368](http://dx.doi.org/10.1093/ietisy/e89-d.4.1368) (2006) 
{: reversed="reversed"}

# Domestic Journal Articles
1. Tokio Kawakami, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up Ontologies with Property Axioms from English Wikipedia", Transactions of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence, Vol. 35, No. 4, pp. D-J33_1-14, DOI: [10.1527/tjsai.D-J33](https://doi.org/10.1527/tjsai.D-J33) (2020)
1. Tokio Kawakami, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up Ontologies from the English Wikipedia and Comparing with YAGO", Transactions of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence, Vol. 35, No. 4, pp. C-J32_1-14, DOI: [10.1527/tjsai.C-J32](https://doi.org/10.1527/tjsai.C-J32) (2020)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>，Naoya Takahashi，Mizuki Kosuda，Takahira Yamaguchi, "Teacher-Robot Collaboration Lesson System using Knowledge Chunk Reuse Support Tool"，JISSJ, Vol. 15, No. 1, pp.18-37 DOI: [10.19014/jissj.15.1_18](https://doi.org/10.19014/jissj.15.1_18) (2019)
1. Takahiro Sugiyama, Yu Ono, Takuya Makiyama, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Hiroaki Kogusur, Hideyuki Tejima, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Development and Demonstration Experiments of Sightseeing Recommendation Application for a Side Trip from the Highway", Journal of Society for Tourism Informatics, Vol.14, No. 1, pp. 27-42 (2018)
1.	Yusuke Tagawa, Arata Tanaka, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Hiroya Minami, Daichi Namikawa, Michio Shimomura, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Diet Therapy Service Based on the Integration of Linked Data and Rule Base", Transactions of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence, Vol. 31, No. 1, pp. LOD-B_1-13, DOI: [10.1527/tjsai.31-1_LOD-B](http://dx.doi.org/10.1527/tjsai.31-1_LOD-B)(2016)  
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yunki Hong, Shinobu Saito, Tadashi Iijima, Takahira Yamaguchi, "A Support Tool for Production Management Process Modeling based on SCOR Ontology", JISSJ, Vol. 11 No. 1, pp. 13-47, DOI: [10.19014/jissj.11.1_13](http://doi.org/10.19014/jissj.11.1_13)(2015) 
1.	Susumu Tamagawa, Kosuke Kagawa, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up Japanese Vocabulary for Large Scale Linked Open Data", Transactions of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence, Vol. 29, No. 4, pp. 386-395, DOI: [10.1527/tjsai.29.386](http://doi.org/10.1527/tjsai.29.386)(2014) 
1.	Yoshifumi MASUNAGA, Hiroyuki ISHIDA, Kazunari ITO, Mamoru ITO, Yasushi SHIMIZU, Yoshiyuki SHOJI, Toru TAKAHASHI, Masaki CHIBA, Hiroyasu NAGATA, Nobutaka FUKUDA, Toshiyuki MASAMURA, <u>Takeshi MORITA</u>, Taro YABUKI, "An Experimental Result of the Body of Knowledge Formulation of Social Informatics using WikiBOK", DBSJ Journal, Vol. 12, No. 1, pp. 133-138 (2013)
1.	Susumu Tamagawa, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up Ontologies with Many Properties from Japanese Wikipedia", Transactions of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence, Vol. 26, No. 4, pp. 504-517, DOI: [10.1527/tjsai.26.504](http://dx.doi.org/10.1527/tjsai.26.504)(2011) 
1.	Susumu Tamagawa, Shinya Sakurai, Takuya Tejima, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Learning a Large Scale of Ontology from Japanese Wikipedia", Transactions of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence, Vol. 25, No. 5, pp. 623-636, DOI: [10.1527/tjsai.25.623](http://dx.doi.org/10.1527/tjsai.25.623)(2010) 
1.	Keiichi Kondo, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Kôiti Hasida, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Development Support of Business Application Based on Enterprise Application Ongology", Transactions of the Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence, Vol. 23, No. 6, pp. 473-484, DOI: [10.1527/tjsai.23.473](http://dx.doi.org/10.1527/tjsai.23.473)(2008) 
{: reversed="reversed"}

# Papers in Refereed Conferences and Workshops
51. Alan Schalkwijk, Motoki Yatsu, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Development of an Interactive Navigation System based on Household Ontology and Commonsense reasoning, [The 1st International Workshop on Knowledge Graph Reasoning for Explainable Artificial Intelligence](https://kgr4xai.ikgrc.org/schedule.html) (2021/12/6)
50. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Naoya Takahashi, Mizuki Kosuda, Takahira Yamaguchi, “A Knowledge Chunk Reuse Support Tool Based on Heterogeneous Ontologies”, Proceedings of the 11th International Joint Conference on Knowledge Discovery, Knowledge Engineering and Knowledge Management, Vol. 2:KEOD, pp. 217-224, Vienna, Austria, DOI: [10.5220/0008067002170224](https://doi.org/10.5220/0008067002170224) (2019/9/18)
49. Hiroki Ono, Kaito Koike, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, “Ontologies-Based Pupil Robot Interaction with Group Discussion”, Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems, Procedia Computer Science, Elsevier, Vol. 159, pp. 2071-2080, Budapest, Hungary, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2019.09.380](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2019.09.380) (2019/9/5) 
48. Kohei Suehiro, Kazuki Masumura, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, “Semantic Search Engine for Daily Work Reports Integrating Heterogeneous Ontologies”, Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems, Procedia Computer Science, Elsevier, Vol. 159, pp. 2016-2070 ,Budapest, Hungary, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2019.09.379](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2019.09.379)(2019/9/5) 
47. Michael Walch, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Dimitris Karagiannis, Takahira Yamaguchi, “A Knowledge-Based Conceptual Modelling Approach to Bridge Design Thinking and Intelligent Environments”, Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Knowledge Science, Engineering and Management (KSEM 2019), LNCS, Vol. 11775, Springer, pp. 524-536, Athens, Greece, DOI: [10.1007/978-3-030-29551-6_47](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-29551-6_47) (2019/8/29) 
46. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, “Generating ROS Codes from Workflow with Human Behavior Level”, The 7th Workshop on Artificial Intelligence for Knowledge Management and Innovation (AI4KM), Macao, China (2019/8/11)
45. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Naoya Takahashi, Mizuki Kosuda, Takahira Yamaguchi, “A Teaching Assistant Robot Design Tool Based on Knowledge Chunks Reuse”, Proceedings of the 2nd IEEE International Workshop on Advances in AI and Machine Learning: Research & Practice, pp.68-73, Marquette University, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA, DOI: [10.1109/COMPSAC.2019.10185](https://doi.org/10.1109/COMPSAC.2019.10185) (2019/7/15)
44. Yuri Murayama, Ichiro Kobayashi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yukiko Nakano, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Development of an Access Method to Menu Ontology Data through Converting Natural Language into SPARQL Queries", Proceedings of the Joint International Workshop on PAOS 2018 and PASSCR 2018, Vol. 2293, pp. 13-20 (2018)
43. Tokio Kawakami, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up Ontologies with Property Axioms from Wikipedia", Proceedings of the Joint International Workshop on PAOS 2018 and PASSCR 2018, Vol. 2293, pp. 1-12 (2018)
42. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Naho Kashiwagi, Ayanori Yorozu, Hideo Suzuki, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Implementing Multi-Robot Cafe by PRINTEPS with Service Quality Dimensions", Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems, Procedia Computer Science, Elsevier, Vol. 126, pp. 1954-1963, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2018.08.035](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2018.08.035) (2018)
41. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Naho Kashiwagi, Ayanori Yorozu, Michael Walch, Hideo Suzuki, Dimitris Karagiannis, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Practice of Multi-Robot Teahouse based on PRINTEPS and Evaluation of Service Quality", The 1st IEEE International Workshop on Advances in AI and Machine Learning: Research & Practice, pp. 147-152, DOI: [10.1109/COMPSAC.2018.10219](https://doi.org/10.1109/COMPSAC.2018.10219) (2018) 
40. Tokio Kawakami, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building Wikipedia Ontology with More Semi-Structured Information Resources", Proceedings of the 7th Joint International Semantic Technology Conference, LNCS, Vol. 10675, pp. 3-18, DOI: [10.1007/978-3-319-70682-5_1](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-70682-5_1)(2017) 
39. Jie Zeng, Yukiko I. Nakano, Takeshi Morita, Ichiro Kobayashi, Takahira Yamaguchi, “Eliciting User Food Preferences in Terms of Taste and Texture in Spoken Dialogue Systems”, MHFI’18 Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Multisensory Approaches to Human-Food Interaction, No. 6, pp. 1-5 (2018/10/16)
38. Shunsuke Akashiba, Chihiro Nishimoto, Naoya Takahashi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Reiji Kukihara, Misae Kuwayama, and Takahira Yamaguchi, “Implementation of Teacher-Robot Collaboration Lesson Application in PRINTEPS”, 21st International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems (KES2017), Procedia Computer Science, Elsevier, Vol. 112, pp. 2299-2308, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2017.08.264](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2017.08.264) (2017) 
37. Kodai Nakamura, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, “A User-Centric Platform PRINTEPS to Develop Integrated Intelligent Applications and Application to Robot Teahouse”, 21st International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems (KES2017), Procedia Computer Science, Elsevier, Vol. 112, Issue C, pp. 2309-2318, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2017.08.266](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2017.08.266) (2017) 
36. Takahira Yamaguchi and Takeshi Morita, "Agile Acceptance of Domain Expert’s Feedback with Developing Robot Tea House", 3rd Workshop on Cognitive Knowledge Acquisition and Applications (Cognitum 2017) (2017)
35. Shunsuke Akashiba, Chihiro Nishimoto, Naoya Takahashi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Reiji Kukihara, Misae Kuwayama, and Takahira Yamaguchi, “Development of applications for teaching assistant robots with teachers in PRINTEPS”, Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Platforms and Applications for Social problem Solving and Collective Reasoning, pp. 1184-1190, DOI: [10.1145/3106426.3109412](https://doi.org/10.1145/3106426.3109412) (2017) 
34. Kodai Nakamura, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, “PRINTEPS for development integrated intelligent applications and application to robot teahouse”, Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Platforms and Applications for Social problem Solving and Collective Reasoning, pp. 1199-1206, DOI: [10.1145/3106426.3109413](https://doi.org/10.1145/3106426.3109413) (2017)
33. Chihiro Nishimoto, Shunsuke Akashiba, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Teaching Assistant Robot Development by PRINTEPS", Workshop on Robots for Learning (R4L) (2017)
32. Hiroshi Asano, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Development and Evaluation of an Operational Service Robot Using Wikipedia-based and Domain Ontologies", Proceedings of the 2016 IEEE/WIC/ACM International Conference on Web Intelligence, pp. 511-514, DOI: [10.1109/WI.2016.0086](https://doi.org/10.1109/WI.2016.0086) (2016)
31. Hiroshi Asano, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "A Question Answering System with Wikipedia-based and Domain Ontologies", Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Platforms and Applications for Social problem Solving and Collective Reasoning, pp. 84-87 (2016)
30. Chihiro Nishimoto, Shunsuke Akashiba, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Implementation and Evaluation of Classroom AI in PRINTEPS", Proceedings of the 1st International Workshop on Platforms and Applications for Social problem Solving and Collective Reasoning, pp. 100-103 (2016)
29. Ryutaro Nambu, Tatsuya Kimoto, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Integrating Smart Glasses with Question-answering Module in Assistant Work Environment", Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems 20th Annual Conference (KES2016), Procedia Computer Science, Elsevier, Vol.96, pp.1772-1781, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2016.08.226](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2016.08.226) (2016)
28. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yu Sugawara, Ryota Nishimura, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Integrating Symbols and Signals Based on Stream Reasoning and ROS", Proceedings of the 14th Pacific Rim Knowledge Acquisition Workshop, LNAI, Vol. 9806, pp. 251-260, DOI: [10.1007/978-3-319-42706-5_19](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-42706-5_19) (2016)
27. Haruya Suga, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi，"Primary School Teacher-Robot Collaboration with Multiple Information Sources", Workshop on Bridging user needs to deployed applications of service robots, IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems 2015 (2015)
26. Yu Sugawara, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Shunta Saito and Takahira Yamaguchi，"An Intelligent Application Development Platform for Service Robots", Proceedings of the Workshop on Multimodal and Semantics for Robotics Systems, IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems 2015 (2015)
25. Tatsuya Kimoto, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahito Ishii, Haryuya Suga, Yu Sugawara, Takashi Beppu and Takahira Yamaguchi，"Integrating Heterogeneous Data Sources for Planning Road Reconstruction", Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems 19th Annual Conference(KES2015), Procedia Computer Science, Elsevier, Vol. 60, pp. 1720-1727, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2015.08.302](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2015.08.302) (2015)
24. Taro Yabuki, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yoshifumi Masunaga, "Formulation and Verification of the Body of Knowledge of New Discipline using WikiBOK", Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Ubiquitous Information Management and Communication, No. 76, ACM, pp. 76:1-76:8, DOI: [10.1145/2701126.2701188](http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2701126.2701188) (2015)
23. Yu Sugawara, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Hidenao Abe, Shuichi Matsumoto, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Identifying Types of Staying Facilities from Traffic Behavior Log Data", Proceedings of the 18th International Conference in Knowledge Based and Intelligent Information and Engineering Systems, Vol. 35, pp. 1495-1504, DOI: [10.1016/j.procs.2014.08.232](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2014.08.232) (2014)
22. Wataru Okawara, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Implementing Mobility Service Based on Japanese Linked Data", 3rd Joint International Semantic Technology Conference, Springer, LNCS, Vol. 8388, pp. 51-66, DOI: [10.1007/978-3-319-06826-8_5](http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-06826-8_5) (2013) 
21. Naohiro Nakamura, Susumu Tamagawa, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Přibyl Pavel, Hironao Kawashima, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Automatic Construction of ITS Ontologies with Structural and WordSpace Analysis Specific to ITS Documents", 20th ITS WORLD CONGRESS TOKYO 2013, No. 2912 (2013)
20. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yuka Sekimoto, Susumu Tamagawa, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up a Class Hierarchy with Properties from Japanese Wikipedia", Proceedings of the 2012 IEEE/WIC/ACM International Conferences on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology, Vol. 01, pp. 514-521 , DOI: [10.1109/WI-IAT.2012.69](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/WI-IAT.2012.69) (2012) 
19. Susumu Tamagawa, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Extracting Property Semantics from Japanese Wikipedia", Proceedings of the 2012 International Conference on Privacy, Security, Risk and Trust and 2012 International Conference on Social Computing, LNCS, Vol. 7669, pp. 357-368, DOI: [10.1007/978-3-642-35236-2_36](http://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-35236-2_36) (2012) 
18. Yoshifumi Masunaga, Kazunari Ito, Taro Yabuki, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, "Edit Conflict Resolution in WikiBOK: A Wiki-based BOK Formulation-aid System for New Disciplines", 2012 ASE/IEEE International Conference on Social Computing (SocialCOM 2012), pp. 210-218, DOI: [10.1109/SocialCom-PASSAT.2012.24](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/SocialCom-PASSAT.2012.24) (2012)
17. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yuka Sekimoto, Susumu Tamagawa, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up a Class Hierarchy with Properties from Japanese Wikipedia", Proceedings of the 5th Interdisciplinary Ontology Conference, pp. 123-132, (2012) 
16. Shotaro Kobayashi, Susumu Tamagawa, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Intelligent Humanoid Robot with Japanese Wikipedia Ontology and Robot Action Ontology", Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Human-Robot Interaction, pp. 417-424, DOI:[10.1145/1957656.1957811](https://doi.org/10.1145/1957656.1957811) (2011) 
15. Chie Iijima, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yoshitaro Enomoto, Takahira Yamaguchi, "A Mobility Service Based on Japanese Linked Data", Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems, LNCS, Vol. 6883, pp. 246-255, DOI: [10.1007/978-3-642-23854-3_26](http://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-23854-3_26) (2011) 
14. Susumu Tamagawa, Shinya Sakurai, Takuya Tejima, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Learning a Large Scale of Ontology from Japanese Wikipedia", Proceedings of the 2010 IEEE/WIC/ACM International Conference on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology, pp. 279-286, DOI: [10.1109/WI-IAT.2010.177](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/WI-IAT.2010.177) (2010)
13. Shotaro Kobayashi, Susumu Tamagawa, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Human Robot Interaction Based on Wikipedia Ontology and Robot Action Ontology", Proceedings of the 9th Joint Conference on Knowledge-Based Software Engineering, pp. 119-132 (2010)
12. Takahira Yamaguchi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, "Building up a Large Ontology from Wikipedia Japan with Infobox and Category Tree", Proceedings of the 3rd Interdisciplinary Ontology Conference, pp. 121-134 (2010)
11. Takuya Tejima, Shinya Sakurai, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Domain Ontology Construction with Wikipedia and Folksonomy Tags", Proceedings of the PAKM 2008 Workshop on Integrating Taxonomies and Folksonomies for Enhanced Knowledge Navigation, pp. 28-36 (2008)
10. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Integrating a Domain Ontology Development Environment and an Ontology Search Engine", Proceedings of the Eighth Joint Conference on Knowledge-Based Software Engineering, Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications, pp. 263-272, DOI: [10.3233/978-1-58603-900-4-263](http://dx.doi.org/10.3233/978-1-58603-900-4-263) (2008) 
9. Takahira Yamaguchi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, "Domain Ontology Learning with Lexical Ontologies and Correlation in Text", Proceedings of the First Interdisciplinary Ontology Meeting, pp. 151-167 (2008)
8. Masayuki Ishikawa, Peter Geczy, Noriaki Izumi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Information Diffusion Approach to Cold-Start Problem", Proceedings of the Workshop on Web Personalization and Recommender Systems 2007, pp. 129-132, DOI: [10.1109/WI-IATW.2007.90](http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/WI-IATW.2007.90) (2007) 
7. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Naoki Fukuta, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "DODDLE-OWL: A Domain Ontology Construction Tool with OWL", Proceedings of the 1st Asian Semantic Web Conference Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Vol. 4185, pp. 537-551, DOI: [10.1007/11836025_52](http://doi.org/10.1007/11836025_52) (2006) 
6. Seiji Koide, Masanori Kawamura, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, Hideaki Takeda, "Semantic Search: An Implementation, Deployments, and Lessons Learned", Proceedings of the 1st Asian Semantic Web Conference Workshop on Web Search Technology (2006)
5. Keiichi Kondo, Shogo Hoshii, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, Noriaki Izumi, and Kôiti Hasida, "Semantics Driven Development of Software Systems Based on Business Ontologies", Proceedings of the Seventh Joint Conference on Knowledge-Based Software Engineering, Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications, Vol. 140, pp. 176-185 (2006)
4. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yoshihiro Shigeta, Naoki Sugiura, Naoki Fukuta, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "DODDLE-OWL: OWL-based Semi-Automatic Ontology Development Environment", Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Evaluation of Ontology-based Tools (2004)
3. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Naoki Fukuta, Takahira Yamaguchi, "MR<sup>3</sup>: Meta-Model Management based on RDFs Revision Reflection", Proceedings of the Joint Conference on Knowledge Based Software Engineering, Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications, Vol. 108, pp. 228-236 (2004)
2. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yoshihiro Shigeta, Naoki Sugiura, Naoki Fukuta, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Domain Ontology Constrution with Quality Refinement", Proceedings of the Pacific Rim Knowledge Acquisition Workshop 2004, pp. 116-126 (2004)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Naoki Fukuta, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Meta-Model Management Environment for RDF Contents", Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Global Research and Education, Vol. 2, pp. 307-314 (2003)
{: reversed="reversed"}

# Invited Talks
1. Takahira Yamaguchi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, "A Platform PRINTEPS to  Develop Practical Artificial Intelligence", Invited Lecture, Knowledge Engineering Group (2017/3/7)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, "Implementing Customer Reception Service in Robot Teahouse based on PRINTEPS", Workshop Keynote Talk, 1st International Workshop on Platforms and Applications for Social problem Solving and Collective Reasoning (2016/10/13)
{: reversed="reversed"}

# Poster Papers
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yu Sugawara, Ryota Nishimura, and Takahira Yamaguchi, "Implementing Customer Reception Service in Robot Cafe using Stream Reasoning and ROS based on PRINTEPS", International Semantic Web Conference (Posters & Demos) (2016)
1. Takuya Makiyama, Yu Ono, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, Hiroaki Kogusuri, Hideyuki Tejima, Takahiro Sugiyama, "Implementing Tourism Service Based on Linked Data with Social Experiments", Poster and Demonstartion,The Joint International Semantic Technology Conference (JIST) 2014 (2014)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Susumu Tamagawa, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Constructing a Class Hierarchy with Properties by Refining and Aligning Japanese Wikipedia Ontology and Japanese WordNet", 13th International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC2014), 9th International Workshop on Ontology Matching (2014)
1. Shinya Sakurai, Takuya Tejima, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up a Large Ontology from Wikipedia Japan with Infobox and Category Tree", In Poster & Demonstration Proceedings of the 4th Asian Semantic Web Conference (2009) 
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takuya Tejima, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "A Domain Ontology Construction Method Supported by an Ontology Search Engine", In Poster & Demonstration Proceedings of the 6th International Semantic Web Conference pp. 73-74 (2007) 
1. Seiji Koide, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Takahira Yamaguchi, Hendry Muljadi, Hideaki Takeda, "RDF/OWL Representation of WordNet 2.1 and Japanese EDR Electronic Dictionary", In Poster & Demonstration Proceedings of the 5th International Semantic Web Conference, PID20 (2006)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Noriaki Izumi, Naoki Fukuta, Takahira Yamaguchi, "Building up RDF and RDFS Descriptions with Meta-Model Management", In Poster & Demonstration Proceedings of the 4th International Semantic Web Conference, PID28 (2005)
1. <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Yoshihiro Shigeta, Naoki Sugiura, Naoki Fukuta, Noriaki Izumi, Takahira Yamaguchi, "DODDLE-OWL: On-the-fly Ontology Construction with Ontology Quality Management", In Poster & Demonstration Proceedings of the 3rd International Semantic Web Conference, p. 47 (2004)
1. Noriaki Izumi, <u>Takeshi Morita</u>, Naoki Fukuta, Takahira Yamaguchi, "RDF-based Meta-Model Management Environment", Proceedings of the 6th SANKEN (I.S.I.R) International Symposium on New Trends in Knowledge Processing, Data mining, Seamntic Web and Computational Science, pp. 87-88 (2003)
{: reversed="reversed"}

# Software
* [PRINTEPS (PRactical INTElligent aPplicationS)](http://printeps.org/index_en.html)
* [JWO Refinement Tools](http://wikipedia-ontology.github.io/JWO_Refinement_Tools/)
* [DODDLE-OWL (a Domain Ontology rapiD DeveLopment Environment - OWL extension)](https://github.com/doddle-owl/DODDLE-OWL)
* [MR<sup>3</sup> (Meta-Model Management based on RDFs Revision Reflection)](http://mrcube.org/)

